.\" Manpage for shellnotes-clipnote.
.\" Contact dmarakom@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.

.TH clipnote 1
.SH NAME

shellnotes-clipnote \- manipulate clipboard and notes

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B clipnote
[\fIOPTION\fR]
[\fINOTENAME\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B clipnote
manipulates clipboard and notes.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR \-r ", " \--reverse
Copy the content of a note into the clipboard.

.SH ARGUMENTS

.TP
.BR \fINOTENAME\fR
Name of the note to create or copy from.

.SH USAGE

Create a new note from the clipboard content:
.PP
.B clipnote
[\fINOTENAME\fR]

Copy the content of a note into the clipboard:
.PP
.B clipnote
\fB\-r\fR
\fINOTENAME\fR

.SH AUTHOR

Dimitris Marakomihelakis (dmarakom@gmail.com)

.SH NOTES

This command requires the 'xclip' utility to be installed.

.SH COPYRIGHT

(C) Dimitris Marakomihelakis

Released under the "All rights reserved" category. See the RIGHTS.txt file
in /docs/github/ for its full text.

.SH BUGS

None known.

.SH SEE ALSO

.BR xclip (1)

.SH EXAMPLES

Create a new note named "example" from clipboard content:
.PP
.B clipnote
example

Copy the content of the note "my_note" into the clipboard:
.PP
.B clipnote
\fB\-r\fR
my_note

.SH FILES

Notes are stored in the default notes folder.

.SH ENVIRONMENT

Default notes folder can be set using the \fBDEFAULT_PATH\fR environment variable.

.SH HISTORY

The \fBclipnote\fR command was introduced in version 4.0 of the shellnotes utility.

.SH BUG REPORTS

Please report bugs to dmarakom@gmail.com.

.SH COPYRIGHT

This is free software; see the source for copying conditions. There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
