.\" Manpage for shellnotes-notegrep.
.\" Contact dmarakom@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.

.TH notegrep 1
.SH NAME

shellnotes-notegrep \- manipulate notes with grep tools

.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B notegrep
[\fIPATTERN\fR]
.IR [FILE...]
.PP
.B notegrep
[\fIOPTION\fR]
[\fIPATTERN\fR]
.IR [FILE...]
.PP
.B notegrep
[\fIOPTION\fR]
.IR [FILE...]
.PP
.B notegrep
[\fIOPTION\fR]
[\fIPATTERN\fR]

.\".PP
.\".B notegrep
.\"[\fI-m\fR]
.\"[\fI*PATTERN(S)\fR]
.\".IR [*FILE(S)...]

.SH DESCRIPTION

.B notegrep
uses grep to change the ways your notes are displayed.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
.BR \-sc ", " \--split-char =\fISTRING\fR
Split the note on a string or character and then display it.

.TP
.BR \-cl ", " \--count-lines =\fISTRING\fR
Count the matching lines of a file.
Asks user to show these lines by default.

.TP
.BR \-sl ", " \--show-lines =\fISTRING\fR
Show the matching lines of a file.

.TP
.BR \-cf ", " \--count-files =\fISTRING\fR
Count how many files contain a pattern.
Asks user to show these files by default.

.TP
.BR \-sf ", " \--show-files =\fISTRING\fR
Show the files with a matching pattern.

.TP
.BR \-ws ", " \--without-string =\fISTRING\fR
Display lines WITHOUT matches.

.TP
.BR \-m ", " \--multiple =\fISTRING\fR
Search for more than one patterns in multiple files simultaneously. Each pattern or file must have a comma before the next one. Example: "notegrep -m file1,file2,file3 pattern1,pattern2,pattern3".

.\".SH BUGS

.\".TP
.\".BR \Withoutstringbug ", " \-wsBug ", " \72
.\"If there are no matches in the input, "notegrep -ws" will display the file as is.

.SH AUTHOR

Dimitris Marakomihelakis (dmarakom@gmail.com)
